[Music]
I was with a group of Founders recently
and it's a group that's really focused
on their inner work many of them have
achieved a lot of material success in
their lives often at the expense of
their emotional and even physical
well-being and they're now investing
their time and money into workshops and
Retreats and meditation and therapy in
our chat many expressed a deep
appreciation for having the resources to
do this and also a concern that if they
didn't have those resources they'd be
left with no choice but to go back to
their old ways of driving themselves
with fear and anxiety so this had me
wondering how often do we take something
that can legitimately support us in our
path whether it's resources or security
or love or community and then turn it
into something we're afraid to lose
placing yet another condition on our
freedom and our joy how's it going today
Joe well that's it's a heck of a story
you just told I mean what what hits me
as soon as I hear that story first of
all it's like go back to anxiety they're
still in it like if they if they're
scared that if they they need something
to be happy the anxiety it hasn't
changed right the I was anxious that I
needed to get this money and now I'm
anxious that it's going to go I I'm
anxious that I'm incomplete without
money is it hasn't changed right that
that anxiety is still there so it just
yeah see it's changed forms but it's the
same anxiety correct yeah so now they
just have potentially a little more time
um so on the plus side they have a
little more time to dedicate to it on
the
downside they uh don't have the
acute anxiety on a day-to-day level to
work on right right like if you if you
look
at the data on who is least likely to
recover from alcoholism it's
independently wealthy people that don't
need to work that's also [__] I mean
everybody needs to work but who don't
have like have a need to work every day
to drive a certain amount of income so
that they can feed themselves um like
the the truth is that those are the
people that are least likely to recover
from alcoholism there's no flaming field
if you will there's no immediacy that
that creates a drive to make their life
better there's nothing that can fall
apart as easily as like losing your job
and not being able to feed your family
so you can just keep on drinking um so
so I I I question the whole premise um
but what it does make me think about is
how
much the idea that we need something to
become free like that that idea seems to
be and it and and when you hit a place
where you feel that deeply profound
freedom
you realize all of that was complete
[__] there was there's no need for
money or eating in a certain way or
exercising the right way or having the
perfect love or whatever it is none of
that actually is required yeah yes this
reminds me of a personal story for
myself as well like several years ago I
had I had made it my business was
successful I had made successful
Investments with that money and made a
ton of money I was like okay great now
now I can do the things that matter to
me and not any of that other [__]
that would like hinder me on my path and
what happened when I look back on that
time in my life it was actually in many
ways very stagnant there was a lot that
I was learning I was spending money and
time and doing Retreats and exploring
all the different things that were out
there I definitely learned a lot and I
definitely explored a lot in myself and
I'm grateful for it and there are
certain things that just did not address
during that time and ultimately those
things the avoidance of them brought
things crashing down and then I had to
go through the struggle of it I had to
readjust My Lifestyle I had to lay
people off that I cared about I had to
re-engage in areas of my life that I
thought were on autopilot and that I
took for granted and yeah uh and that
was actually what really initiated a
really deep stage of a really productive
stage of personal growth for
myself and looking back on it I can see
I'm like I don't know was that better
off for having had the money in the time
or not it's just a different path but it
was not necessarily better or worse and
you know even the idea that like one
needs to be better than another is also
an anxiety of am I doing it
right yeah I mean it's a it's an old
question right it's like if you can
dedicate yourself to the monastery or
are you going to be a householder and if
you're a householder is it less likely
for you to become awakened right like
that was the old way of asking this
question and um and there's definitely
certain things that there's certain
things that are are are supportive like
not having to
worry about feeding yourself can be very
supportive if you look at maso's
hierarchy of needs it's like it's pretty
clear that when you're you're more
likely to worry about things like being
authentic and being um like finding your
truth if you have the rest of your world
taken care of your basic needs taken
care of at the same time you know I I
don't will very very seldom take on um
like extremely wealthy people who aren't
who don't have a project because I find
that uh often That's Entertainment for
them like it's just entertainment
because they don't if push comes to
shove they don't have have they often
don't have the reason to get
uncomfortable to embrace the intensity
which is the thing that actually pushes
us along the path more effectively than
anything else yeah some some do
naturally but many don't yeah yeah
something else that this reminds me of
is the like the the parable from the
Bible about how it is easier for a camel
to pass through the eye of the needle
than for a rich man to enter the Gates
of Heaven and yeah a bunch of different
ways to read that and even like
historically to read what was even meant
but one way that I really appreciate is
that there's uh there's an idea I don't
know if this existed but there's an idea
that there was a there was a particular
gate in the wall of Jerusalem that
required like it could fit a camel it
was only the width of a camel and the
height of a camel on its knees so the
Camel had to remove all of well or
people had to remove all of the load
from the camel for the camel to get
through and this was for reasons um
presumably and that's fascinating to me
because it's like I I I know many people
now who have had a similar experience to
what I described where yeah they made it
in some way they got everything that
they wanted and then they were just
driven nuts with anxiety about losing it
until they lost it and then they finally
found a deeper level of Freedom that
like apparently a lot of them describe
like I had to go through the experience
of you know building $100 million doll
company and having the whole thing fall
apart to finally like now I actually can
show up fully in a company the in a way
I couldn't before right right yeah yeah
yeah I've seen that right I and I've
also seen
entrepreneurs uh do things similar
to destroy certain revenue streams so
that new revenue streams can grow
there's like there is this interesting
pruning cycle that is required for some
people for me it it wasn't like that at
all all it was I was dedicated to my
self-discovery over everything else I
just dropped everything I never I never
said oh I'm G to build something so I
have enough money to be free right I I I
just went to debt I just sat in a room
and meditated for years and and focused
on my journey um not by doing other
people's experiences but by doing
experiments and running my own
experiences and so so for me it wasn't
that that wasn't my path but it
definitely sure is a lot of people's
paths right and some people's paths are
going to the very bottom of their pain
to get you know to find their way out
like to to really have an extremely
painful life to find their way out I I
can't tell you what makes which one
happen but what I can tell you is in in
all the cases the thing that's that's
that is similar is there's an idea that
for me to be free I need to
X I need to have money I need to not
have money I need to you know be a
wealthy person I need to not be a
wealthy person I need to be somebody
who's in shape who really takes care of
my body I need to forgo my body I need
to like whatever it is there's some set
of ideas and this is the most important
thing about it is that there's some set
of ideas that people hold everybody
who's listening to this holds if I want
to get to Freedom
I need to do X Y and Z meditate for
seven years or or you know have a lot of
money or whatever it is and and all of
it true be healthy not not have physical
pain not have not smoke not sleep around
not gain
approv have skills that are marketable
and relevant exactly yeah none of it's
true your freedom none of that is
required and and there's and you don't
have to look far to figure this out
like if you look at Mandela's writings
if you look at how he came out of that
prison like he had the exact opposite of
Freedom right like he he did not have a
good diet he did not have a good
exercise routine he did not have any
power he did not have any privilege he
did not have any wealth he did not have
any right all all he had was time with
himself and and and I've definitely met
people who didn't even need the time
with themselves right I can like almost
hear somebody in the in the okay now
I'll just go live in the cave until I
have that freedom which is is one way to
get there don't get me wrong if that
I'll go meditate until I'm in
debt right exactly exactly but none of
that's true it's it's actually seen
through that
thought that is a more direct path to
Freedom is seen through the thought that
you need the money or you don't need the
money
so so we're talking about how people
think they need X in order to have y and
we've talked about it in terms of
freedom and what exactly do we mean by
that what are we talking about here when
we when we say that that's a really good
question I think the the the there's I
think there's a conflation between two
ideas typically when somebody's talking
about Freedom so the one is the freedom
to do what you want to
do and that usually seems to be a
thought process of resources once I have
a billion dollars I'll be free because
then I can do the things that I want to
do and then the other freedom is like
this feeling of oh I can be who I am and
I and I'm not nothing's dictating who I
am and how I'm going to
be like that which is another idea of
freedom and and but and then both of
them have this emotional experience that
we call Freedom and and so the second is
really where the spiritual like when the
books talk about finding Freedom like
whether it's you know the the mysticism
of Christianity or the Buddhism or what
not the the that freedom is they're
talking about that feeling of like oh
I'm no longer burdened by any internal
or external structure of what I'm
supposed to be and I can just be
myself the the interesting thing is the
first one the one of like oh have the
resources to do what I want to
do it's like there's so much truth to
that and there's so much BS to that so
just as an example like if you and I
were living in
1820 and we became the most powerful
humans on the planet and we were the
wealthiest humans on the planet we would
not have the freedom that we have today
as that that poor people in America at
least have we have we can have air
conditioning we can have have heat we
can have we can get on an airplane we
can get on a
train you know we can with we can like
go into a store and buy a soda pop like
or whatever like have 20 different
choices of of of potato chips we can get
coffee made for us on you know and 25
different varieties like we have more
freedom
now than we ever did and it it it
doesn't make anybody then go okay I have
like there's never enough in that world
right and I know plenty of billionaires
who have what everybody else would call
Freedom but they don't have the freedom
to buy this company or sell this thing
or get to the moon or you know live on
mars or whatever there's always
something next that you can't do or they
don't allow the freedom they don't allow
themselves the freedom to date the
person that they want to date for
whatever reason you know
there's like scared their money's gonna
be taken yeah right so yeah it's like
the difference between between the
external freedom and how like what we
could do in the world and how we
interact with the world and then the
freedom of how we actually are as we are
doing that interacting and whatever is
available to us right and so that it's
that second Freedom that in general I
think anybody who's doing self-discovery
is looking for I I will say that they
they might have something with the other
form of freedom but this like people who
are into self-discovery that's what
they're looking for they're looking for
this feeling of oh I can be I think
joyful happy content in a world where I
am being myself despite where I feel
free to be who I want to be and I'm not
constrained whether it's by the voice of
my head or by the thoughts of the people
around me or by some set of like shs
that
Society thinks or whatnot like I think
that's the that's why it's described as
freedom and that freedom doesn't require
anything that freedom is a Birthright
like right now every single person can
be themselves Nothing is Stopping
You there's consequences potentially to
being yourself you might not like them
and you might choose to not be yourself
because you don't want those
consequences that's all true it doesn't
mean you can't be yourself
I mean an argument could be made that
what's stopping us is our awareness of
of it and and there there's a way that
this kind of inverts the kind of the
privilege Spectrum where when I was in
the situation where I was able to just
pay for what I wanted to pay for and do
what I wanted there were a lot of things
I just wasn't in contact with that
became rather than fears like you said
earlier anxieties that were present with
me every day in in my face they are
present with me every day in a way that
I was able to effectively push away
so I was able to like neatly go out and
have the kinds of growth and Spiritual
Development experiences that I might
have that served the identity that I
wanted to have even though I thought
that I wasn't going for an identity and
then there were the ones that were
actually going to give me the deepest
growth and those were the ones that I
wasn't as aware of even though they were
like present in my Consciousness every
day and so there's there's like many
stories of people who they were not on a
personal development or selfis Journey
per se they just went through some
really rough [__] and like Byron Katie I
think is a really good example of this
if I recall her story correctly she was
just in a room one day and she wouldn't
even let herself sleep on the bed she
had to sleep on the floor because she
wasn't good enough for the bed in her
mind because she was just in so much
shame and struggle about her life and
something just
popped and the way that it popped in my
opinion is that it she became so close
to it that she had no separation from
that anxiety anymore and she had to feel
it and so there's like an
interesting interesting thing like like
you were saying with
addicts who have all the resources to
continue to enable
themselves that we're we can consider
ourselves lucky when we have experiences
that bring us into contact with those
internal barriers to seeing
ourselves yeah I mean the easiest way to
for me to think about this is like when
I was in my 20s I had no money so to get
around and travel which I wanted to do I
hitchhiked and I hitchhiked up to Alaska
and I hitchhiked around California and I
got to meet people that I will never get
to meet again in my entire life because
of what happens by hit checking by not
having the money or sitting on the back
of a Greyhound bus and meeting the
person who um you know had 13 kids and
you know had like an immense amount
amount of freedom in the back of a
Greyhound bus like I've met the folks
who who have seen through this um veneer
or through the the like fog of War but
the war is the internal War like they've
seen through that fog of war and I've
seen them poor I've seen them Rich I've
seen them like I've seen them in shape
I've seen them fat and smoking I've seen
them in all different ways man like it's
don't get me wrong if you if you're
overweight and you're smoking it doesn't
feel physically as good your your
thoughts probably are different than if
you are in shape and you are not smoking
but it doesn't mean that you can't find
the freedom like that freedom is there
no matter
what and it's just whether you're
whether you can recognize it and one of
the mechanisms to to do is to just like
I think it was AI Shante talked about
this somewhat differently right if you
look look at e ARL and Byron Katie they
went into this huge depression and then
popped out which I I've seen happen with
a couple folks but AIA talks about his
relationship with Zen and he and he
describes it as like banging his head up
against the wall until finally he just
like like he just fought it fought it
fought it until he couldn't fight it
anymore so it's the end of that
fight whether it's depression or whether
it's through hardcore meditation or
whether it's by Grace or whether it's by
just like oh this there's nothing
actually in my
way but it's the end of the fight and
with that fight ends an identity too
right because a lot of what keeps us in
the fight is an
identity yeah I'm thinking of a time
when like dur during this period where I
was I had more money than I ever had but
I was more anxious about money than I'd
ever been and there was a moment when I
nostalgically went back to a moment in
my 20s where where I was completely
broke in Cape Town South Africa and I
like wrote down my phone number and my
email address on napkins and started
passing them around to hosts in the area
seeing if anybody would do like needed
some web web work and like I
nostalgically nostalgically looked back
on that time from that moment as like Ah
that's when I was truly
free yeah and it's interesting there's a
way that I was like clawing back to an
old identity at the same time as I was
like trying to get out of my current one
and and also there was like a deep
recognition of yeah the like the
[__] of the story that I was in that
I was somehow not
free yeah yes and and with it also
there's the thing about money in
particular is there's some other aspects
of it as well and it this is can be with
any of it it can be with like uh being
in shape or having the perfect diet or
whatever there's often times this an
identity in it that will suffer will
will require it to dissolve meaning if
you were with money in this time and you
were
like uh this is a burden this money is a
burden and I deserve the burden you'd
probably still have the money right if
you felt like uh this money is NE is is
a blessing and I deserve the blessing
and I feel great about this blessing you
probably still have the money um if you
felt like uh oh this money is good but
I'm avoiding because of it or becau or
this money is uh I'm not I'm privileged
and I should have a certain amount of
guilt around this money that I right
like then potentially that's going to be
something that allows that money to
leave quicker than it would otherwise
and this isn't like a perfect like
algorithm but without a doubt I noticed
that people's relationship with the
money that they have or they don't have
is is has a
big has a big correlation with what
happens to the money that they have or
they don't
have yeah and for me it was I saw money
as Freedom which was an implication that
without it I wasn't free and that was
the fear yeah yeah right and and then
the the golden algorithm kicks in and
you're and you're inviting the feeling
that you're running away from yeah so so
that anyways that's but this happens
with all of all of it like oh once I
meditate long enough I will be free is
like is a big trap once I have enough
money I'll be free is a big trap once I
get it once I listen to the guru long
enough and I get it then I'll be free
it's like all of it is just or I get
their approval or or I get someone or I
find the partner that loves me as I am
which then once you find a partner that
loves you as you are then all of a
sudden you're afraid to lose them and
you go through all the right all the
golden algorithm stuff to to push them
away exactly or I I have to stop caring
whether people love me to be free like
all of it's
BS the the the the the truth is you can
recognize your freedom right
now right right now there's there's
nothing stopping us from being who we
are there's nothing stopping us from
being in touch with ourselves there's
nothing stopping us
from you know one you know it's like
another one is once I do enough uh
courses once I see enough therapist once
I blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
once I've healed myself then I can have
a relationship yeah yeah exactly yeah so
it's just not it's not how it works and
everybody that I
know who who's found that
freedom they recognize they might think
oh here's this is a good path to get
there but they recognize that nothing's
necessary for it the the the description
of it everywhere that you look is is a
remembering or it's a Birthright or it's
what you are naturally it's your nature
like it's it you know the only
difference between the teacher and the
student is that the teacher sees that
it's true and the teacher about them
whereas potentially the student doesn't
see that it's true about them but
they're both
free and so that like everywhere you
everywhere you look in any tradition it
points to that a a tradition that
teaches Freedom it points to the idea
nothing's necessary they might say hey
meditation is a great way to see this so
sit in a room and meditate but the core
of the teaching is that it's your nature
that you're
finding right so
so how can how can people who are
listening to this right
now find and explore and uncover on
Earth some of
these some of these conditions that they
place on their
freedom they're going to be found in the
things that you're working towards with
anxiety the things you beat yourself up
for not
having uh the things that you think are
going to make you happy or the things
you're scared to lose basically that's
your
list
be if I'm if
I'm if I'm trying my best to become the
smartest most intelligent most
eloquent uh podcast speaker
person that is the least eloquent I've
been this
podcast then I'll be Happ that would be
then that could be one of them or yeah
or when people
are
afraid of
losing Los losing a capacity or a skill
that they've had with aging or with an
injury
yeah yeah yeah once I become an NFL star
then I'll be happy oh my God if I lose
being an NFL star so it's it's really
the more core ones like the thing that's
crossing my mind is like when the girls
were first born I was deeply scared of
losing terara I was like oh my God the
worst possible thing in the world would
be losing Tera and I'm I'm wondering
like did I think that Terror was
required for my freedom I I didn't did I
think that my world would be deeply
constrained if terara left I did and if
terara for whatever reason left died
whatever got cancer um if that happened
would I have found a deeper level of
freedom I might have interestingly right
I I what's interesting to me is that
like there's people there's
these it's an interesting point is that
and I haven't really ever considered it
till now is that there's a group of
people who when I meet them I say oh
you've really dedicated your life to
serving somebody like taking care of
somebody like wiping someone's butt for
years like I can tell right and it's
oftentimes it's they had a kid who was
born with disabilities that they had to
care for they lived with a parent for
multiple years you know taking care of
them or some some version of
that one of one person who's coming to
mind right now her husband got Ms and
couldn't move and she took care of him
for a decade and I can I can I can I can
see that in a person because they're so
soft there is just like a gentleness to
them there is a like there's something
has been worn down um through that
process
of it's an interesting thing that the
thing that we fear often can provide
another level of freedom for us
even even the things that that don't
seem appealing at all and it's an
interesting kind of recognition that
just because there's another potential
Freedom available doesn't mean you need
to right dive into like okay I'm just
gonna go like have a spinal cord injury
now so that I can go through that
experience and find the freedom which I
know many people with spinal cord
injuries yeah and it's a hero experience
and they often find a lot of freedom
that they didn't expect and you know
that's like not something I'm going to
go do to find my freedom exactly yeah
exactly and unnecessary yeah
yeah yeah but the but the idea that once
I change once I get out of a situation
once blah blah
blah
like yeah doesn't mean you can't leave a
situation that's unhealthy for you but
the idea that you're going to be free
free once it once you blah blah blah it
just doesn't it doesn't ever pan out and
and and all anybody has to do is look
back in their life and there's something
that you thought would give you the
freedom that you got that didn't give
you the freedom like whether it was like
the woman that you finally found and
then or the money or the acknowledgement
from the parent or the whatever it was
we can all see like the freedom didn't
last very long I think the freedom is
more about the fact that the desire for
something to make you free when away you
know like so it's like oh my God once I
have money and then you get the money
and there's this short little period of
time where you're like ah I got it and
you don't have any other want that has
spun up yet no new demand for you to
fulfill to get your freedom and then
you're like oh great and that's actually
where the freedom is and then five days
later it's like oh [__] I have to like
now really understand my emotional world
to become free and off you go on your
next on your next thing right so it's
it's often times those like moments in
life when you've accomplished something
that the the joy in it isn't that you've
accomplished it it's that there's
nothing left for you to accomplish for a
little while like you can just Revel in
the moment of Life Of Being
Alive yeah that sort of speaks
to kind of
the what that brings up for me is the
path of following your wants rather than
your shoulds it's like when you follow
your wants you get to have those
experiences you get to have the
experience of getting what you want and
finding that it wasn't actually what you
imagined and if you don't let yourself
follow it then you get to continue to
have the illusion the story that if I
got this then I would be free there
reminds me of my favorite Jim Carrey
quote which is I'm GNA paraphrase I'll
probably get it wrong but I hope that
everybody could find success in Fame so
that they can find out that that's not
what it's all about right yeah yeah yeah
yeah
exactly yeah that's that's the yeah the
the the interesting piece that to me the
most interesting piece about this is
that at some point when you when you're
going down this road you get to this
question which
is the easiest way to put it there's a
thousand ways that people ask this
question but the way I'm going to ask
the question
is if I am awake if I'm a free then I
should be happy to live on top of a
disco right but then people who feel
awake and free don't tend to live on top
of a disco right and so it's like should
I live on top of the Disco was that the
best path to my freedom should I not
live on top of the Disco is that my best
Freedom like should I keep on being with
this relationship that's somewhat
abusive and like a little dysfunctional
is that my path to Freedom or should I
go and try to find a better relationship
that my path to Freedom right so it's
this question of like should I
Endure some sort of pain or should I or
should I get avoid the pain and go find
something else and it's a lovely lovely
question and my answer from when people
ask that is uh you just whatever you're
doing is the right answer right if
you're living on top of the Disco that's
the right answer if you've left the
Disco that's the right answer it's like
that both of them are paths to Freedom
what like what are you going to choose
to
do I think the and and both of them have
a problem like enduring abuse is
like it's like I like if you look at
Mandela mandala wasn't like they opened
the door and they weren't he wasn't like
okay I'm just gonna stay in here he's
like yeah I'm out I'm gonna go like run
the country right it it wasn't enduring
he wasn't choosing it so that obviously
enduring abuse is telling yourself that
this is not you're not
worthy but that's exactly how Byron Katy
found it and then avoidance you know is
the
alcoholic um the alcoholic who who can't
recover because they have all this
wealth
well what what like there's no good
answer to that
question like there's no good to
different epiphanies yeah and different
people need different epip like each of
us has like a different history and a
different set of a different shape of
fears and anxieties and hopes dreams
images and so if we if we
follow if we follow the evolution that
just comes up through us
we're bound to run into those perfect
epiphanies for us for our
particular anxieties and our
particular and and trusting yourself
makes it a little bit
quicker like it's like oh I trust that I
can listen to myself and know which way
to go it makes the whole journey a
little bit quicker I remember this story
it was like a ran Maharishi story I
think and um somebody comes to him and
is like should I give up being a
householder and go join a monastery and
he's like no and the guy's like you
don't know me how the hell what what
makes you think you can say that he got
defensive of course he got defensive
because he's taking away the guy's
identity which is should I should I not
should I should I not totally identified
that way raan's like nope guys gets
angry
and and rana's response was you should
be sitting here asking me a question is
what you should be doing right and and
and that's like somewhat unsatisfactory
somewhat points to like the freedom that
you're looking for is in this moment
don't like what what makes you leave the
moment because it's right here right now
and so there's something in that but
there's also something about hey what's
what's making you not trust yourself in
this moment what's making you not say oh
this is exactly where I'm supposed to be
I'm supposed to be having a hundred
million dollar company worried about
money I'm supposed to be like this is
the place and and and and I don't mean
that like you're supposed to be like it
like in a magical thinking kind of way
though there seems to be some sort
of interesting thing that occurs around
like we find ourselves where we're
supposed to be but I mean it more of
like if that's your
mindset if your mindset is like oh this
is where I'm supposed to be this is
where the opportunity is found to learn
to about myself to grow to lean
in then that's the most productive idea
on how to face a moment no matter what
the moment it's like it's a lot more
productive than I shouldn't [__] be
here you know it's I should be here and
potentially be here so I can learn to
leave right okay that's fine but like
what what are you here for and this
person was supposed to bring their
indecision to ramanana Mahari so that it
could be reflected back to them like
they were going to they were going to
continue using that pattern until
eventually it ran into some sort of a
wall some sort of a mirror and so that
was exactly the question that they
needed to ask right yeah exactly and
maybe they needed to get the answer 10
years later yeah you know yeah but but
the the it's a much more productive
thing to say oh right now is the lesson
that I need to learn than it is to say
where am I supposed to be what am I
supposed to be doing should what if I
lose the money what do I need to get
there I need X Y and Z to get there far
more more productive to just be like oh
the thing that I need to get there is
presenting itself to me right
now this moment not the next moment and
so the the the other the other thing is
it's like this is like the setup of life
too right it's um once I graduate from
school then I'll get into the right
college and once I graduate from college
I'll get into the right job and then
once I get the right job I'll have
enough money and I'll get the right I'll
get the right girlfriend/boyfriend and
you know and then I'll have kids and
then like a lot of my clients have done
all that
stuff like it's like it didn't pan out
it doesn't pan out and I've met people
who've meditated for 20 years and then
once I've meditated for 20
years where the thing that they're
looking for is right there it's always
been there it's always or right here
it's always been right
here you can't you can't can't avoid it
if you stay in this moment it's like
it's
unavoidable right now I can be who I
want to be I can say what I want to say
I can do what I want to
do and I can be in contact with myself
and like that like that's where the
freedom
lies but I'm wearing a headset in front
of a podcast mic and I have to pee how
could I possibly be
free
a it's a good point nobody's free
because everybody has to pee once I have
to stop peeing then I can be free once I
finally to do by my biology godamn
it and scene and
scene is there anything else you want to
add no that feels right feels right
awesome thank you everybody for
listening pleasure always I like that we
ended with P that's good yeah yeah you
could do that more often uh if you
enjoyed this episode please share it
with somebody uh we love that that's how
people find our work that's how people
find the
podcast and till next time awesome ciao
bye